sup people YouTube elite assented you
back within their dual video this time
again it's with my hand Brandi my man
Tony with this hottie it's on it human
deck and my red deck wins once more see
how this deck works good huh there's es
proxy one card in this hero blade for
the fourth blaster play hold hold the
blue light of the way get about this
look at that smexy hero blade alternate
are oh yeah and that's the boxing all
right students man
he already had the lands in here right
yeah that looks real all right sit us
nine ok and I got a three so all right
Randy's Unabomber Brandon no Brandon
wolf
but again our time not roll again
I know I keep the sampler acha the same
and tony moly six
all right facial fortress pass trust me
Tony this hand I'll off his hands any
better go on earth appear before you end
got shot you for one mountain Shriner
burning rage go S&C
you're wrong
storm Kirk noble and second counter to
the shrine
yeah welcome smoky Gideon's la keep our
33rd counters of the shrine so I gonna
find out things on tap sure ah yes thank
you Jesus in your cheese I see waves
jaundice Phoenix fonts look for dr.
Bolton dude all right
one the stomp kick double yeah please do
not have a relic cool please do not have
a relative
Oh No
they might be sports
strain under the Commons are uncommon
are they common drunk on their common
slow songs good untapped untapped
counter kumta
arc trailer burn one once your la keeper
into to you
six counter to the shrine
the Marquis
okay that was kind of stupid / yellow
recount my previous system to keep the
cheat myself a lesson so yes good
late afternoon echo type of a top noble
so you take to place cost you sir
Ryne must be saved
I'm hardly getting I need my fourth
ladder by my shoe thank you oh yeah
dr. noble you take to our trail you for
30 he's good okay God you got a smooth
to do too long what do you mean you guys
to do two different targets oh I do yeah
I love it I dildo okay and then I went
to take damage cast storm broke storm
blood Berserker yeah get any damage okay
that was Game one I took it because of
land fail come back in New Canaan get
you guys back Game two